Listed below are the profiles of 2 people : Wei and Dimas.


Name: Wei Age: 35 
Occupation: Software Developer
Country of Origin: Singapore 
Current Location: Singapore 
Income: Mid-Income 
Education: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from National University of Singapore Skills: Programming, data analysis, machine learning 
Interests: Local food, hiking, biking, camping, playing guitar 

About: Wei is a software developer at a large technology company in Singapore. He is passionate about using technology to solve real-world problems. In his spare time, Wei enjoys spending time outdoors, playing music, and eating local food. He is fluent in Mandarin Chinese and English. He is also learning Indonesian, as he has a friend from Indonesia. Wei is a friendly and outgoing person who is always up for a new adventure. He is also a hard worker and is always willing to help others.

Wei was born and bred in Singapore. He loves local food and is always on the lookout for new and exciting dishes to try. He is also a keen hiker and biker, and he loves spending time outdoors. Wei is currently dating a local girl, and they are planning to move out in a year after they get their BTO. Wei is excited to start a new chapter in his life with his partner, and he is looking forward to all the adventures that await them.
Wei is a great friend to Dimas. He is always there for him, and he is always willing to lend a helping hand. Ivan is grateful for Wei's friendship, and he is lucky to have him in his life.

Name: Dimas 
Age: 30 
Occupation: Software Developer 
Country of Origin: Indonesia 
Current Location: Singapore 
Income: Mid-Income 
Education: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Universitas Indonesia 
Skills: Programming, data analysis, machine learning 
Interests: Traveling, clubbing, drinking, meeting new people 

About: Dimas is a software developer at a large technology company in Singapore. He is passionate about using technology to solve real-world problems. In his spare time, Dimas enjoys travelling, clubbing, and drinking. He is fluent in Indonesian and English. He also has a slight American accent, as he studied in the USA for a year. Dimas is a friendly and outgoing person who is always up for a good time. He is also a hard worker and is always willing to help others.

Dimas has travelled extensively, and he has lived in Europe and the USA. He has a lot of stories to tell, and he is always eager to meet new people. Dimas is single, but he is actively looking for a girlfriend. He is a bit of a player, but he is also a genuine and caring person. Dimas is a great friend to Ivan, and he is always there for him when he needs him.

Dimas is a fun-loving person who enjoys life to the fullest. He is always up for a new adventure, and he is always willing to help others. Ivan is grateful for Dimas's friendship, and he is lucky to have him in his life.


This is a sample conversation between the 2 of them ( Wei, and Dimas) :
Wei: Eh Dimas, long time no see ah! How have you been, bro?

Dimas: Hey Wei, good to hear from you, man! I've been great, enjoying life in Singapore. How about you? How's everything going on your end?

Wei: Wah, life in Singapore also good lah. Busy with work, you know la, but still can find time for some fun. How's your job as a software developer going? Any exciting projects recently?

Dimas: Bro, work is hectic, but I love it. I'm currently working on this cool machine learning project. Trying to develop a system that can predict customer behavior based on their browsing history. It's challenging, but I'm learning a lot. What about you, any interesting projects going on?

Wei: Eh, not bad ah! Sounds like a real brainy project. As for me, I'm working on a web application to streamline food delivery services. It's quite fun, especially when I get to test all the local food, you know? Trying to find the best chili crab and chicken rice!

Dimas: Wah, Wei, you really know how to enjoy life, man! Always finding the best food around. You should bring me along one day. By the way, have you been hiking or biking lately? I remember you love the great outdoors.

Wei: Yeah, bro, still hiking and biking when I can. Went for a hike at MacRitchie Reservoir last weekend. Nice scenery, but the humidity can really sap your energy. Maybe we can plan a hike together next time, and I'll teach you some Singlish along the way!

Dimas: Hahaha, that sounds like a plan, bro! I'm always up for an adventure, and learning Singlish from a pro like you would be awesome. We can also grab a drink after the hike and catch up some more. I heard there's this new club that just opened in Clarke Quay. What do you say?

Wei: Sure thing, Dimas! Let's make it happen. We'll conquer the trail, have a few drinks, and show everyone our dance moves. It's gonna be a night to remember, bro!

Dimas: Absolutely, Wei! Can't wait for our adventure and a night of non-stop fun. We'll show Singapore how it's done!






